[CQT-461] Make CircuitAnalyzer metrics configurable (#703)
QuTech-Delft/OpenSquirrel: docs/compilation-passes/analysis/index.md

> Analyzer passe in OpenSquirrel is used to compute statistics that describe the structure of a quantum circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analyzer passes are used in OpenSquirrel to compute statistics that describe the structure of a quantum circuit.
```

Unlike most other passes, an analyzer does not modify the circuit: it inspects it and returns a set of metrics.

> These metrics can be used, for instance, to characterise a circuit prior to compilation, to compare circuits, or as input features for machine-learning models that predict compilation performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics can be used, for instance, 
- to characterize a circuit prior to compilation,
- to compare circuits, or
- as input features for machine-learning models that predict compilation performance.
```
